commentary/Equation4541.md, before:

This has been dubbed the [shift-associative
law](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2408.07078) or [nearly-associative
law](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2409.00390), or the [cyclic associative law](https://arxiv.org/abs/1007.2285) (but [law 4364](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4364) has been named the same).

This law implies that the set of cubes `x◇(x◇x) = (x◇x)◇x` is a submagma.

Quasigroups satisfying this law are abelian groups equipped with addition.

This law together with the [idempotence law 3](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3) is equivalent to idempotence, commutativity, and associativity.  An idempotent magma satisfying this law is thus precisely a semilattice (poset equipped with a finite join or meet operation).  This law and idempotence form a 2-basis of the equational law of the magma `{0,1}` equipped with `x◇y=min(x,y)`.  The same property holds for idempotent magmas satisfying [law 4364](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4364) `x◇(y◇z) = y◇(z◇x)` or its dual law 4679.

Commit message:

Commentary on the quasigroup case (#1310)
Many equations simplify or have interesting consequences when combined
with the bijectivity of left and right multiplication maps (the
quasigroup condition). This pull request lists all those that I found.

commentary/Equation4541.md, after:

This has been dubbed the [shift-associative
law](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2408.07078) or [nearly-associative
law](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2409.00390), or the [cyclic associative law](https://arxiv.org/abs/1007.2285) (but [law 4364](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4364) has been named the same).

This law implies that the set of cubes `x◇(x◇x) = (x◇x)◇x` is a submagma.

Quasigroups satisfying this law are abelian groups equipped with addition.  Another way of stating this is that this law is parastrophically equivalent to [Tarski's axiom, law 543](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?543) in the sense that the operation `◆` defined by `(x ◆ y) ◇ y = x` obeys law 543 `x=y◆(z◆(x◆(y◆z)))` if and only if `◇` obeys law 4541.

This law together with the [idempotence law 3](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3) is equivalent to idempotence, commutativity, and associativity.  An idempotent magma satisfying this law is thus precisely a semilattice (poset equipped with a finite join or meet operation).  This law and idempotence form a 2-basis of the equational law of the magma `{0,1}` equipped with `x◇y=min(x,y)`.  The same property holds for idempotent magmas satisfying [law 4364](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4364) `x◇(y◇z) = y◇(z◇x)` or its dual law 4679.
