commentary/Equation1492.md, before:

## A twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup law

A magma satisfying this law is a quasigroup (left and right multiplication are bijective).  The cubing maps `B: x ↦ (x◇x)◇x` and `C: x ↦ x◇(x◇x)` are automorphism and inverses of each other.  The magma obeys the middle crossed inverse property `B(y)◇(x◇y)=x` or equivalently `(B(y)◇x)◇y=x`.  (See the [commentary on law 4273](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4273) for this terminology.)  A more symmetrical way to state these facts is that for any three elements `x,y,z` of the magma the equations `x◇y=z`, `B(y)◇z=x`, and `z◇C(x)=y` are equivalent.

In short, this law is a twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) `x = y◇(x◇y)` by an automorphism.  Analogous twists of law 14 include [law 66](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?66), [law 692](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?692), [law 695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?695), [law 880](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?880), [law 978](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?978), [law 1073](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1073), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1492), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1496), [law 1695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1695), [law 1719](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1719).

This law differs from law 1695 by the exchange of `B` and `C`.

Commit message:

Commentary on laws related to the semi-symmetric quasigroup law 14

commentary/Equation1492.md, after:

## A twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup law

A magma satisfying this law is a quasigroup (left and right multiplication are bijective).  The cubing maps `B: x ↦ (x◇x)◇x` and `C: x ↦ x◇(x◇x)` are automorphism and inverses of each other.  The magma obeys the middle crossed inverse property `B(y)◇(x◇y)=x` or equivalently `(B(y)◇x)◇y=x`.  (See the [commentary on law 4273](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4273) for this terminology.)  A more symmetrical way to state these facts is that for any three elements `x,y,z` of the magma the equations `x◇y=z`, `B(y)◇z=x`, and `z◇C(x)=y` are equivalent.

This law is equivalent to the conjunction of [law 477](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?477) and its dual, [law 3150](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3150).  In finite magmas, or in quasigroups, these three laws individually are equivalent.  Without such assumptions, law 1492 implies law 477 and law 3150, but no other implication holds.

In short, this law is a twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) `x = y◇(x◇y)` by an automorphism.  Analogous twists of law 14 include [law 66](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?66), [law 692](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?692), [law 695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?695), [law 880](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?880), [law 978](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?978), [law 1073](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1073), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1492), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1496), [law 1695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1695), [law 1719](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1719).

This law differs from law 1695 by the exchange of `B` and `C`.
