commentary/Equation9.md, before:

This law or its dual law 28 are part of all [longest chains of implications](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Longest.20implication.20chain/near/521750611) such as 2 → 4 → 1037 → 1237 → 103 → 824 → 9 → 418 → 48 → 412 → 3 → 3715 → 326 → 307 → 3253 → 1 between inequivalent laws of order up to 4.

It is the right 2-reductive law, which [plays a role](http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.8396) in the study of quandles.  The right m-reductive laws are [law 4](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4), law 9, [law 48](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?48), [law 412](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?412), and so on.  This law is also one of the laws for [differential groupoids](https://doi.org/10.1142/S0218196708004561).

This law constrains independently each left multiplication (by some `x`) to square to a specific constant map (equal to `x`).  It implies the idempotence law.  On a set with n elements, the number of binary operations satisfying this law is `A000248(n-1)^n`, in terms of the [OEIS sequence A000248](https://oeis.org/A000248).

Commit message:

Commentary on laws that become trivial in semigroups/quasigroups etc

commentary/Equation9.md, after:

This law or its dual law 28 are part of all [longest chains of implications](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Longest.20implication.20chain/near/521750611) such as 2 → 4 → 1037 → 1237 → 103 → 824 → 9 → 418 → 48 → 412 → 3 → 3715 → 326 → 307 → 3253 → 1 between inequivalent laws of order up to 4.

It is the right 2-reductive law, which [plays a role](http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.8396) in the study of quandles.  The right m-reductive laws are [law 4](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4), law 9, [law 48](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?48), [law 412](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?412), and so on.  This law is also one of the laws for [differential groupoids](https://doi.org/10.1142/S0218196708004561).

This law constrains independently each left multiplication (by some `x`) to square to a specific constant map (equal to `x`).  It implies the idempotence law.  It cannot hold in any (non-trivial) commutative magma or quasigroup.  On a set with n elements, the number of binary operations satisfying this law is `A000248(n-1)^n`, in terms of the [OEIS sequence A000248](https://oeis.org/A000248).
