commentary/Equation168.md, before:

## The central groupoid law

This law defines [central groupoids](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_groupoid), which are magmas with some interesting combinatorial structure. For instance, all finite central groupoids have a cardinality that is necessarily a square number. [This paper of Knuth](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/blueprint/sect0001.html#knuth) establishes many of the basic properties of these objects.  This paper also helped inspire the creation of the [Knuth--Bendix completion algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knuth%E2%80%93Bendix_completion_algorithm).

A sample result from Knuth's paper: a finite central groupoid of order `n` exists if and only if `n` is a perfect square.

A special type of central groupoid is a natural central groupoid, characterized by Equation 26302.

This [paper of Kundgen, Leander, and Thomassen](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0097316511000616) discusses a number of ways to generate new central groupoids from old, including "switchings" and "extensions".

This law implies that the squaring map `S: x ↦ x◇x` is an involution.

Commit message:

Commentary on laws that become trivial in semigroups/quasigroups etc

commentary/Equation168.md, after:

## The central groupoid law

This law defines [central groupoids](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_groupoid), which are magmas with some interesting combinatorial structure. For instance, all finite central groupoids have a cardinality that is necessarily a square number. [This paper of Knuth](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/blueprint/sect0001.html#knuth) establishes many of the basic properties of these objects.  This paper also helped inspire the creation of the [Knuth--Bendix completion algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knuth%E2%80%93Bendix_completion_algorithm).

A sample result from Knuth's paper: a finite central groupoid of order `n` exists if and only if `n` is a perfect square.

A special type of central groupoid is a natural central groupoid, characterized by Equation 26302.

This [paper of Kundgen, Leander, and Thomassen](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0097316511000616) discusses a number of ways to generate new central groupoids from old, including "switchings" and "extensions".

This law cannot hold in a (non-trivial) commutative or associative magma nor in a quasigroup.  This law implies that the squaring map `S: x ↦ x◇x` is an involution.
