commentary/Equation1037.md, before:

This law implies the idempotence [law 3](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3) `x◇x=x`, as well as [law 9](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?9) `x◇(x◇y)=x` and [law 10](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?10) `x◇(y◇x)=x` and in particular a magma satisfying (the dual of) this law is necessarily a [travel groupoid](http://arxiv.org/abs/2412.05510).

This law or its dual law 2499 are part of all [longest chains of implications](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Longest.20implication.20chain/near/521750611) such as 2 → 4 → 1037 → 1237 → 103 → 824 → 9 → 418 → 48 → 412 → 3 → 3715 → 326 → 307 → 3253 → 1 between inequivalent laws of order up to 4.

This law cannot hold in a (non-trivial) commutative magma or quasigroup.

The free magma with two generators `0` and `1` for this law is `{0,1,2,3}` with `0◇1=2`, `1◇0=3` and all other `x◇y=x`.

Commit message:

Commentary for the Equation Explorer (#1300)
- Laws related to implication algebras and other equational bases for
2-element magmas
- Characterizations of (half)groups and related objects
- Laws equivalent to conjunctions of laws
- Parastrophic equivalence

commentary/Equation1037.md, after:

This law implies the idempotence [law 3](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3) `x◇x=x`, as well as [law 9](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?9) `x◇(x◇y)=x` and [law 10](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?10) `x◇(y◇x)=x` and in particular a magma satisfying (the dual of) this law is necessarily a [travel groupoid](http://arxiv.org/abs/2412.05510).

This law is equivalent to the conjunction of [law 106](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?106) `x=x◇((y◇x)◇z)` and any of a long list of low-order laws: 3, 9, [23](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?23), [47](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?47), [48](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?48), [49](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?49), [50](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?50), [52](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?52), [102](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?102), [103](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?103), [151](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?151), [152](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?152), [153](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?153), [203](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?203), [205](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?205), [208](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?208), [255](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?255), [307](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?307), [308](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?308), [309](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?309), [326](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?326), [375](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?375), [377](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?377).

This law or its dual law 2499 are part of all [longest chains of implications](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Longest.20implication.20chain/near/521750611) such as 2 → 4 → 1037 → 1237 → 103 → 824 → 9 → 418 → 48 → 412 → 3 → 3715 → 326 → 307 → 3253 → 1 between inequivalent laws of order up to 4.

This law cannot hold in a (non-trivial) commutative magma or quasigroup.

The free magma with two generators `0` and `1` for this law is `{0,1,2,3}` with `0◇1=2`, `1◇0=3` and all other `x◇y=x`.
