commentary/Equation124.md, before:

## A mysterious "twinned" equation.

This equation is "twinned" with [Equation 1119](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1119), in that it seems to imply, and be implied by, exactly the same set of equations, without being equivalent.  There is currently [no complete explanation for this phenomenon](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/Numerical.20coincidence.3A.20476.20~.20503), though [some hints of an explanation have emerged through analysis of linear models](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Twin.20pairs.20of.20equations).

This law implies that left multiplications are surjective and that squaring is involutive ([law 151](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?151)).

For finite magmas, or for quasigroups, law 124 and [law 1924](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1924) are equivalent.  Without such assumptions, neither implication holds.  By duality the same holds for [law 206](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?206) and [law 1648](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1648).  Discussed in [this thread](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/1076.20!.3D.3E.203) and [this thread](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/1648.20!.3D.3E.20206).  For infinite magmas, the implication is false, with [one construction based on the infinite 3-regular tree](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/1648.20!.3D.3E.20206/near/476985846).

Commit message:

Commentary on laws that become trivial in semigroups/quasigroups etc

commentary/Equation124.md, after:

## A mysterious "twinned" equation.

This equation is "twinned" with [Equation 1119](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1119), in that it seems to imply, and be implied by, exactly the same set of equations, without being equivalent.  There is currently [no complete explanation for this phenomenon](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/Numerical.20coincidence.3A.20476.20~.20503), though [some hints of an explanation have emerged through analysis of linear models](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Twin.20pairs.20of.20equations).

For finite magmas, or for quasigroups, law 124 and [law 1924](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1924) are equivalent.  Without such assumptions, neither implication holds.  By duality the same holds for [law 206](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?206) and [law 1648](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1648).  Discussed in [this thread](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/1076.20!.3D.3E.203) and [this thread](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/1648.20!.3D.3E.20206).  For infinite magmas, the implication is false, with [one construction based on the infinite 3-regular tree](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/1648.20!.3D.3E.20206/near/476985846).

This law implies that left multiplications are surjective.  It cannot hold in a non-trivial group.  The free magma with one generator for this law has two elements since the law implies [law 8](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?8) `x ◇ (x ◇ x) = x` and [law 359](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?359) `(x ◇ x) ◇ x = x ◇ x` and [law 151](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?151) `(x ◇ x) ◇ (x ◇ x) = x`.  In particular, the squaring map `S: x ↦ x◇x` is involutive.
