commentary/Equation1719.md, before:

## A twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup law

A magma satisfying this law is a quasigroup (left and right multiplication are bijective) and the squaring map `S: x ↦ x◇x` cubes to the identity (`S(S(S(x)))=x`) and obeys `S(y)◇(x◇y)=S(S(x))`.  The map `S` is not necessarily a magma morphism.  For any three elements `x,y,z` of the magma the equations `x◇y=z`, `S(y)◇z=S(S(x))`, `S(z)◇S(S(x))=y` are equivalent.

In short, this law is a twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) `x = y◇(x◇y)` by a bijection.  Analogous twists of law 14 include [law 66](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?66), [law 692](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?692), [law 695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?695), [law 880](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?880), [law 978](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?978), [law 1073](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1073), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1492), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1496), [law 1695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1695), [law 1719](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1719).

Commit message:

Commentary on the full spectrum and spectrum problems

commentary/Equation1719.md, after:

## A twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup law

A magma satisfying this law is a quasigroup (left and right multiplication are bijective) and the squaring map `S: x ↦ x◇x` cubes to the identity (`S(S(S(x)))=x`) and obeys `S(y)◇(x◇y)=S(S(x))`.  The map `S` is not necessarily a magma morphism.  The operation `x◆y=S(x)◇y` obeys the [semi-symmetric quasigroup law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14), so for any three elements `x,y,z` of the magma the equations `S(x)◇y=z`, `S(y)◇z=x`, `S(z)◇x=y` are equivalent.

The finite spectrum of (cardinalities of finite magmas satisfying) this law is [unknown](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Order.203.20Spectra/with/527073087).

In short, this law is a twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) `x = y◇(x◇y)` by a bijection.  Analogous twists of law 14 include [law 66](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?66), [law 692](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?692), [law 695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?695), [law 880](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?880), [law 978](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?978), [law 1073](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1073), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1492), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1496), [law 1695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1695), [law 1719](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1719).
