commentary/Equation125.md, before:

A magma satisfying this law is a quasigroup (left and right multiplication are bijective) in which right division is the square of left multiplication.

This law is equivalent to the conjunction of [law 73](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?73) and [law 229](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?229).  In finite magmas, or in quasigroups, these three laws individually are equivalent.  Without such assumptions, law 125 implies law 73 and law 229, but no other implication holds.

The left division operation defined by `x ◇ (x : y) = y` (or equivalently `x : y = (x ◇ y) ◇ x`) satisfies the [Dupont law 63](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?63) and [Dupond law 1692](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1692).  Conversely, in a magma satisfying law 63, if left multiplication is bijective (which is automatic if the magma is finite) then left division satisfies law 125.  Thus, laws 125 and 63 are parastrophically equivalent for (left-)quasigroups.  They share the same finite spectrum.

This law is part of a series of laws that state that the magma is a quasigroup in which some j-th power of right multiplication is the inverse of some k-th power of left multiplication.  For `j=1` one has the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) for `k=1`, [law 125](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?125) for `k=2`, [law 714](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?714) for `k=3`, law 5974 for `k=4`, and so on.  For each `k>1`, there exist two weaker laws that are equivalent to it in the finite case or in quasigroups.  For `j=k=2` one has [law 1316](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1316).

Another generalization is to replace `y` by `y◇y` in one position in the law.  This leads to three twists of the law 125, 73, 229 which feature some of the hardest implications: the laws [1323](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1323), [1526](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1516), [2744](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?2744); the laws [1729](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1729) (Ramanujan), [917](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?917) (Hardy), [2541](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?2541) (Littlewood); and the laws [910](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?910), [504](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?504), [1925](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1925).

Commit message:

Commentary on the quasigroup case (#1310)
Many equations simplify or have interesting consequences when combined
with the bijectivity of left and right multiplication maps (the
quasigroup condition). This pull request lists all those that I found.

commentary/Equation125.md, after:

A magma satisfying this law is a quasigroup (left and right multiplication are bijective) in which right division is the square of left multiplication.

This law is equivalent to the conjunction of [law 73](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?73) and [law 229](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?229).  In finite magmas, or in quasigroups, these three laws individually are equivalent.  Without such assumptions, law 125 implies law 73 and law 229, but no other implication holds.

The left division operation defined by `x ◇ (x : y) = y` (or equivalently `x : y = (x ◇ y) ◇ x`) satisfies the [Dupont law 63](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?63) and [Dupond law 1692](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1692).  Conversely, in a magma satisfying law 63, if left multiplication is bijective (which is automatic if the magma is finite) then left division satisfies law 125.  Thus, laws 125 and 63 are parastrophically equivalent for (left-)quasigroups.  They share the same finite spectrum.

In a quasigroup, law 125 holds if and only if the right division operation defined by `(x/y)◇y = x` obeys [law 3954](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3954) `x/y = (y/(x/y))/x`, so laws 125 and 3954 are also parastrophically equivalent (but have different spectra since the latter has non-quasigroup models).

This law is part of a series of laws that state that the magma is a quasigroup in which some j-th power of right multiplication is the inverse of some k-th power of left multiplication.  For `j=1` one has the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) for `k=1`, [law 125](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?125) for `k=2`, [law 714](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?714) for `k=3`, law 5974 for `k=4`, and so on.  For each `k>1`, there exist two weaker laws that are equivalent to it in the finite case or in quasigroups.  For `j=k=2` one has [law 1316](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1316).

Another generalization is to replace `y` by `y◇y` in one position in the law.  This leads to three twists of the law 125, 73, 229 which feature some of the hardest implications: the laws [1323](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1323), [1526](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1516), [2744](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?2744); the laws [1729](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1729) (Ramanujan), [917](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?917) (Hardy), [2541](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?2541) (Littlewood); and the laws [910](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?910), [504](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?504), [1925](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1925).
