commentary/Equation880.md, before:

## A twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup law

A magma satisfying this law is a quasigroup (left and right multiplication are bijective).  The squaring map `S: x ↦ x◇x` is an automorphism (bijective and `S(x◇y)=S(x)◇S(y)`).  The magma obeys the left crossed inverse property, [law 4588](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4588), stating that `(y◇x)◇y` is `y`-independent, specifically `(y◇x)◇y = S⁻¹(x)`.  More symmetrically, for any three elements `x,y,z` of the magma, the equations `x◇y=z`, `y◇S(z)=x`, `S(z◇x)=y` are equivalent.

In short, this law is a twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) `x = y◇(x◇y)` by an automorphism.  Analogous twists of law 14 include [law 66](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?66), [law 692](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?692), [law 695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?695), [law 880](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?880), [law 978](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?978), [law 1073](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1073), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1492), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1496), [law 1695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1695), [law 1719](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1719).

This law implies [law 219](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?219) (dual to law 115).  For finite magmas, or for quasigroups, the converse implication holds.

Commit message:

Commentary on laws that become trivial in semigroups/quasigroups etc

commentary/Equation880.md, after:

## A twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup law

A magma satisfying this law is a quasigroup (left and right multiplication are bijective).  The squaring map `S: x ↦ x◇x` is an automorphism (bijective and `S(x◇y)=S(x)◇S(y)`).  The magma obeys the left crossed inverse property, [law 4588](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4588), stating that `(y◇x)◇y` is `y`-independent, specifically `(y◇x)◇y = S⁻¹(x)`.  More symmetrically, for any three elements `x,y,z` of the magma, the equations `x◇y=z`, `y◇S(z)=x`, `S(z◇x)=y` are equivalent.

This law cannot hold in a non-trivial semigroup (associative magma).

In short, this law is a twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) `x = y◇(x◇y)` by an automorphism.  Analogous twists of law 14 include [law 66](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?66), [law 692](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?692), [law 695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?695), [law 880](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?880), [law 978](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?978), [law 1073](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1073), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1492), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1496), [law 1695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1695), [law 1719](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1719).

This law implies [law 219](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?219) (dual to law 115).  For finite magmas, or for quasigroups, the converse implication holds.
