commentary/Equation1496.md, before:

## A twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup law

A magma satisfying this law is a quasigroup (left and right multiplication are bijective).  All squares are equal to the same element `e`, the cubing maps `B: x ↦ x◇(x◇x) = x◇e` and `C: x ↦ (x◇x)◇x = e◇x` are automorphism and inverses of each other, and the magma obeys the middle crossed inverse property `C(y)◇(x◇y)=x` or equivalently `(C(y)◇x)◇y=x`.  (See the [commentary on law 4273](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4273) for this terminology.)  More symmetrically, for any three elements `x,y,z` of the magma the equations `x◇y=z`, `C(y)◇z=x`, and `z◇B(x)=y` are equivalent.

This law is equivalent to the conjunction of [law 481](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?481) and its dual, [law 3161](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3161).  In finite magmas, or in quasigroups, these three laws individually are equivalent.  Without such assumptions, law 1496 implies law 481 and law 3161, but no other implication holds.

In short, this law is a twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) `x = y◇(x◇y)` by an automorphism.  Analogous twists of law 14 include [law 66](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?66), [law 692](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?692), [law 695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?695), [law 880](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?880), [law 978](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?978), [law 1073](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1073), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1492), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1496), [law 1695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1695), [law 1719](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1719).

This law is equivalent to law 1492 together with the unipotence [law 40](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?40) (equality of squares).

Commit message:

Commentary on how laws behave in the case of quasigroups

commentary/Equation1496.md, after:

## A twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup law

A magma satisfying this law is a quasigroup (left and right multiplication are bijective).  All squares are equal to the same element `e`, the cubing maps `B: x ↦ x◇(x◇x) = x◇e` and `C: x ↦ (x◇x)◇x = e◇x` are automorphism and inverses of each other, and the magma obeys the middle crossed inverse property `C(y)◇(x◇y)=x` or equivalently `(C(y)◇x)◇y=x`.  (See the [commentary on law 4273](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4273) for this terminology.)  More symmetrically, for any three elements `x,y,z` of the magma the equations `x◇y=z`, `C(y)◇z=x`, and `z◇B(x)=y` are equivalent.

In short, this law is a twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) `x = y◇(x◇y)` by an automorphism.  Analogous twists of law 14 include [law 66](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?66), [law 692](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?692), [law 695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?695), [law 880](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?880), [law 978](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?978), [law 1073](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1073), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1492), [law 1492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1496), [law 1695](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1695), [law 1719](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1719).

This law is equivalent to the conjunction of [law 481](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?481) and its dual, [law 3161](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3161).  In finite magmas, or in quasigroups, these three laws individually are equivalent.  Without such assumptions, law 1496 implies law 481 and law 3161, but no other implication holds.

In a left quasigroup, this law holds if and only if the left division operation defined by `x ◇ (x : y) = y` satisfies [law 452](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?452), namely these laws are parastrophically equivalent.

This law is equivalent to law 1492 together with the unipotence [law 40](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?40) (equality of squares).
