commentary/Equation714.md, before:

A magma satisfying this law is a quasigroup (left and right multiplication are bijective) in which right division is the cube of left multiplication.

This law is equivalent to the conjunction of [law 511](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?511) and [law 2338](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?2388).  In finite magmas, or when left multiplications are assumed to be bijective, these three laws are equivalent.

The left division operation defined by `x ◇ (x : y) = y` (or equivalently `x : y = x ◇ ((x ◇ y) ◇ x)`) satisfies [law 464](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?464).  Conversely, in a magma satisfying law 464, if left multiplications are bijective (which is automatic if the magma is finite) then left division satisfies law 714.  Thus, laws 714 and 474 are parastrophically equivalent for (left-)quasigroups.  They share the same finite spectrum.

This law is part of a series of laws that state that the magma is a quasigroup in which right division is some k-th power of left multiplication: the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) for `k=1`, [law 125](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?125) for `k=2`, this law for `k=3`, law 5974 for `k=4`, and so on.  For each `k>1`, there exist two weaker laws that are equivalent to it in the finite case or when left multiplications are assumed to be bijective.

Commit message:

Commentary on two-variable laws relating left/right multiplications

commentary/Equation714.md, after:

A magma satisfying this law is a quasigroup (left and right multiplication are bijective) in which right division is the cube of left multiplication.

This law is equivalent to the conjunction of [law 511](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?511) and [law 2338](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?2388).  In finite magmas, or in quasigroups, these three laws individually are equivalent.  Without such assumptions, law 714 implies law 511 and 2338 but no other implication holds.

The left division operation defined by `x ◇ (x : y) = y` (or equivalently `x : y = x ◇ ((x ◇ y) ◇ x)`) satisfies [law 464](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?464).  Conversely, in a magma satisfying law 464, if left multiplications are bijective (which is automatic if the magma is finite) then left division satisfies law 714.  Thus, laws 714 and 474 are parastrophically equivalent for (left-)quasigroups.  They share the same finite spectrum.

This law is part of a series of laws that state that the magma is a quasigroup in which some j-th power of right multiplication is the inverse of some k-th power of left multiplication.  For `j=1` one has the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) for `k=1`, [law 125](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?125) for `k=2`, [law 714](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?714) for `k=3`, law 5974 for `k=4`, and so on.  For each `k>1`, there exist two weaker laws that are equivalent to it in the finite case or in quasigroups.  For `j=k=2` one has [law 1316](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1316).
