commentary/Equation1689.md, before:

## A non-trivially singleton law

This law was [identified by Kisielewicz](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/blueprint/sect0001.html#Kisielewicz2) as a law that collapses to the [singleton law 2](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?2), but all known human proofs are [surprisingly lengthy](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/blueprint/implications-chapter.html#1689_equiv_2).  However, it can be proved [by Vampire](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/Ideas.20for.20unknown.20implications/near/474943773), and has a short proof [by egg](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/Adding.20the.20egg.20repository.20as.20a.20dependency/near/474359913).

For some additional proofs and formalizations, see [here](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Alternative.20proofs.20of.20E1689.E2.8A.A2E2/with/518736006) and [here](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/219941-Machine-Learning-for-Theorem-Proving/topic/Tools.20for.20semi-automated.20line-by-line.20formalization/with/518687925).

Commit message:

Commentary updates (#1225)
Commentary on many equations:
- Merging commentary of dual equations together; I sometimes left it
duplicated when the higher-numbered one was much better known (e.g.,
Littlewood). This should be revisited depending on what we do in #1218.
- Corrections to commentary that mentioned unknown implications, now all
known.
- Those that imply equation 38 or its dual 39, equivalent to sets
equipped with some structure.
- Those that imply associativity, whose free group is describable.
- Those that imply commutativity.
- Those that imply idempotence.
- Higher-order ones that were in the tour of selected equations, and
some from the literature characterizing groups with a certain exponent,
Moufang loops with exponent 3.

commentary/Equation1689.md, after:

## A non-trivially singleton law

This law was [identified by Kisielewicz](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/blueprint/sect0001.html#Kisielewicz2) as a law that collapses to the [singleton law 2](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?2), with a surprisingly lengthy computer-assisted proof.  It can be proved [by Vampire](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/Ideas.20for.20unknown.20implications/near/474943773), and has a short proof [by egg](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/Adding.20the.20egg.20repository.20as.20a.20dependency/near/474359913).  We obtained a [human-readable proof](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/blueprint/implications-chapter.html#1689_equiv_2) in the course of the project.

For some additional proofs and formalizations, see [here](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Alternative.20proofs.20of.20E1689.E2.8A.A2E2/with/518736006) and [here](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/219941-Machine-Learning-for-Theorem-Proving/topic/Tools.20for.20semi-automated.20line-by-line.20formalization/with/518687925).
