commentary/Equation1518.md, before:

For finite models, magmas must be left-cancellative and squaring must be a bijection; this leads to a way to "reflect" magmas satisfying this law to obtain a "mirror image" magma that also satisfies the law.  See [this discussion](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Austin.20pairs/near/484117783).

Some implications from equation 1518 were refuted using a [huge finite magma with 232 elements](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Austin.20pairs/near/486217486) which was barely verifiable using Lean.  See the end of [a list of useful magmas](https://github.com/teorth/equational_theories/blob/main/equational_theories/Generated/All4x4Tables/data/plan.txt) for its operation table.

In a quasigroup this law is equivalent to the [idempotence law 3](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3) `x = x◇x` together with the [Asterix law 65](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3) `x = y◇(x◇(y◇x))`.  It cannot hold in a non-trivial group.

Commit message:

Commentary about large models and more (#1390)
- Implications requiring large countermodels
- Tough implications to prove
- Hyperlinks to higher-order laws now that they work in the Equation
Explorer
- Optimality of (the size of) a few large countermodels
- Candidate surjunctive-Austin law 13102
- Names of graphic and paragraphic laws showing up in (virtual link)
knot theory

commentary/Equation1518.md, after:

For finite models, magmas must be left-quasigroups (left multiplications are bijective) and squaring must be a bijection.  The left division operation defined by `x ◇ (x : y) = y` produces a "mirror image" magma that also satisfies the law.  See [this discussion](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Austin.20pairs/near/484117783).  In other words the law is parastrophically equivalent to itself.

Some implications from equation 1518 were initially refuted using a [huge finite magma with 522 elements](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Austin.20pairs/near/485737304), later reduced to 232 elements, which was barely verifiable using Lean.  It was later superseeded by a [15 element magma](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Shrinking.20the.20size-232.20magma.20for.20law.201518.20to.20size.2015/with/547744137) in which squaring is a morphism, and this size was found to be minimal.

In a quasigroup this law is equivalent to the [idempotence law 3](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3) `x = x◇x` together with the [Asterix law 65](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3) `x = y◇(x◇(y◇x))`.  It cannot hold in a non-trivial group.
