commentary/Equation14.md, before:

## A 2001 Putnam law

Problem A1 of the 2001 Putnam asked to show that [Equation 14 implies Equation 29](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/blueprint/implications-chapter.html#14_implies_29). In fact, this law is equivalent to [Equation 29](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?29).

As discussed [here](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Thoughts.20and.20impressions.20thread/near/493637245.2E01), Putnam magmas are related to Steiner triple systems; in particular, [there are two different one-to-one correspondences](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Simple.20and.20.28sub.29directly.20irreducible.20spectrum/near/494707714) between commutative idempotent Putnam magmas and Steiner triple systems (the triples {x,y,z} being such that x*y=z).  Without commutativity, idempotent Putnam magmas correspond to [Mendelsohn directed triple systems](https://ajc.maths.uq.edu.au/pdf/71/ajc_v71_p485.pdf).

Among equations of order 2 this is the one whose [simple spectrum](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Simple.20and.20.28sub.29directly.20irreducible.20spectrum) is the most difficult to determine.

Commit message:

Commentary may (#1248)
Warning: I used Unicode chars such as for the power set in
Equation3385.md and other files. Maybe that's a problem? I also included
links to the equation explorer even for equations beyond order 4. At
present these links do not work, but I figured that they eventually
would and it would be a pain to add them afterwards.

- Commentary for all equations in the longest implication chain(s), some
are interesting on their own rights.
- Commentary on the largest 20 equivalence classes. More than half of
the 4694 laws imply that the operation only depends on one of the two
arguments (or on none).
- Many weaker forms of associativity appearing in the literature.
- Description of free magmas for all laws that imply associativity.
- I discovered many interesting twists of the semi-symmetric quasigroup
law 14 (Putnam law).
- A few loose ends: typos, incorrect mention of Z/3Z modules; law 508,
law 72873.

(The branch name is due to being started in May, nothing deeper.)

commentary/Equation14.md, after:

## The semi-symmetric quasigroup law, a 2001 Putnam law

Problem A1 of the 2001 Putnam asked to show that [Equation 14 implies Equation 29](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/blueprint/implications-chapter.html#14_implies_29). In fact, this law is equivalent to [Equation 29](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?29).

This law characterizes semi-symmetric quasigroups, namely left and right multiplication are bijective (the magma is a quasigroup) and the corresponding left and right divisions are given by right and left multiplication, respectively.  More symmetrically, for three elements of the magma, the identities `x◇y=z`, `y◇z=x`, `z◇x=y` are equivalent.

Among equations of order 2 this is the one whose [simple spectrum](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Simple.20and.20.28sub.29directly.20irreducible.20spectrum) is the most difficult to determine.

- Law 14 and commutativity ⇔ totally-symmetric quasigroup [law 492](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?492).
- Law 14 and existence of a two-sided unit ⇔ semi-symmetric loop [law 887](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?887).
- Law 14 and idempotence ⇔ Mendelsohn quasigroup [law 4961](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4961).
- Law 14 and associativity ⇔ [law 895](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?895) characterizing abelian groups of exponent 2.
