commentary/Equation1076.md, before:

## An "Asterix"-like equation

A variant of the ["Asterix" equation, 65](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?65), which [also admits nontrivial infinite models that can be used to produce anti-implications](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/1076.20!.3D.3E.203/near/476293108).

This law implies that left multiplications are surjective.  Finite magmas are quasigroups: both left and right multiplications are bijective.  In addition, for finite magmas this law implies that the magma operation is idempotent, but not for infinite magmas.  The free magma with one single generator for this law is infinite, but has no finite quotient other than the singleton.

This law cannot hold in a non-trivial semigroup (associative magma).  In a quasigroup this law implies the [idempotence law 3](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3) `x = x◇x`.

The finite spectrum of (cardinalities of finite magmas satisfying) this law is [unknown](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Order.203.20Spectra/with/527073087).

Commit message:

Commentary on implications requiring large countermodels
I put the commentary in the equation that the model obeys, not the
targets of the refuted implications.

commentary/Equation1076.md, after:

## An "Asterix"-like equation

A variant of the ["Asterix" equation, 65](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?65), which [also admits nontrivial infinite models that can be used to produce anti-implications](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/1076.20!.3D.3E.203/near/476293108).

This law implies that left multiplications are surjective.  Finite magmas are quasigroups: both left and right multiplications are bijective.  In addition, for finite magmas this law implies that the magma operation is idempotent, but not for infinite magmas.  The free magma with one single generator for this law is infinite, but has no finite quotient other than the singleton.

The implications from equation 1076 to equations 2294 and 4435 were refuted using a [65-element quasigroup](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Austin.20pairs/near/485525221) obtained by a cohomological construction.

This law cannot hold in a non-trivial semigroup (associative magma).  In a quasigroup this law implies the [idempotence law 3](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3) `x = x◇x`.

The finite spectrum of (cardinalities of finite magmas satisfying) this law is [unknown](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Order.203.20Spectra/with/527073087).
