commentary/Equation476.md, before:

## A mysterious "twinned" equation.

This law implies that left multiplications are surjective.  Finite magmas are thus left quasigroups (namely left multiplications are bijective).  [Law 3862](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3862) `x◇x = (x◇(x◇x))◇x` is then obeyed.

In left quasigroups, this law is parastrophically equivalent to [law 503](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?503) in the sense that the left division operation defined by `x◇(x:y) = y` obeys law 503 if and only if `◇` obeys law 476, as observed in [this discussion thread](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Austin.20pairs/near/483169215).

In addition, this equation is "twinned" with the same [law 503](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?503), in that it [seems to](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/Numerical.20coincidence.3A.20476.20~.20503) imply, and be implied by, exactly the same set of equations, without being equivalent.  This is only partially explained by parastrophic equivalence.  See [this further discussion](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Twin.20pairs.20of.20equations).

This law cannot hold in a non-trivial group.

Commit message:

Commentary on the quasigroup case (#1310)
Many equations simplify or have interesting consequences when combined
with the bijectivity of left and right multiplication maps (the
quasigroup condition). This pull request lists all those that I found.

commentary/Equation476.md, after:

## A mysterious "twinned" equation.

This law implies that left multiplications are surjective.  Finite magmas are thus left quasigroups (namely left multiplications are bijective).  [Law 3862](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3862) `x◇x = (x◇(x◇x))◇x` is then obeyed.

In left quasigroups, this law holds if and only if the left division operation defined by `x◇(x:y) = y` obeys [law 503](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?503) `x = y:(y:(x:(y:x)))`, as observed in [this discussion thread](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Austin.20pairs/near/483169215), namely the laws 476 and 503 are parastrophically equivalent.  In a quasigroup this law implies the [idempotence law 3](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3) `x = x◇x`.

In addition, this equation is "twinned" with the same [law 503](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?503), in that it [seems to](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/Numerical.20coincidence.3A.20476.20~.20503) imply, and be implied by, exactly the same set of equations, without being equivalent.  This is only partially explained by parastrophic equivalence.  See [this further discussion](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Twin.20pairs.20of.20equations).

This law cannot hold in a non-trivial group.
