commentary/Equation492.md, before:

## The totally-symmetric quasigroup law

This law is equivalent to the [commutative law 43](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?43) together with the [Putnam law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14).  Equivalently, the magma is a totally-symmetric quasigroup, in the sense that left and right divisions coincide with multiplication, which is commutative.

As [discussed here](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Simple.20and.20.28sub.29directly.20irreducible.20spectrum/near/494707714), such "commutative Putnam magmas" include two particularly interesting subclasses, both in one-to-one correspondence with Steiner triple systems:

- Idempotent totally-symmetric quasigroups, called Steiner quasigroups, or *squags*, which are fully characterized by [law 4964](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4964);

- Unital totally-symmetric quasigroups, called Steiner loops, or *sloops*, which are fully characterized by [law 63702](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?63702).

The equivalence class of this law (30 laws in our list of 4694 laws) is the most interesting among the twenty largest equivalence classes: all of these imply that the magma operation only depends on one (or none) of its operands, except for laws [4274](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4274), [4526](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4526), [4589](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4589) which state that some triple products are all equal.

Commit message:

Commentary for the Equation Explorer (#1300)
- Laws related to implication algebras and other equational bases for
2-element magmas
- Characterizations of (half)groups and related objects
- Laws equivalent to conjunctions of laws
- Parastrophic equivalence

commentary/Equation492.md, after:

## The totally-symmetric quasigroup law

This law is equivalent to any two of the following four laws: the [semi-symmetric quasigroup law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14), the [involutive left-multiplication law 16](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?16), its [dual law 26](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?26), and the [commutative law 43](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?43).  Equivalently, the magma is a totally-symmetric quasigroup, in the sense that left and right divisions coincide with multiplication, which is commutative.

As [discussed here](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Simple.20and.20.28sub.29directly.20irreducible.20spectrum/near/494707714), such "commutative Putnam magmas" include two particularly interesting subclasses, both in one-to-one correspondence with Steiner triple systems:

- Idempotent totally-symmetric quasigroups, called Steiner quasigroups, or *squags*, which are fully characterized by [law 4964](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4964);

- Unital totally-symmetric quasigroups, called Steiner loops, or *sloops*, which are fully characterized by [law 63702](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?63702).

The equivalence class of this law (30 laws in our list of 4694 laws) is the most interesting among the twenty largest equivalence classes: all of these imply that the magma operation only depends on one (or none) of its operands, except for laws [4274](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4274), [4526](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4526), [4589](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4589) which state that some triple products are all equal.
