commentary/Equation1119.md, before:

## A mysterious "twinned" equation.

This equation is "twinned" with [Equation 124](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?124), in that it seems to imply, and be implied by, exactly the same set of equations, without being equivalent.  There is currently [no complete explanation for this phenomenon](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/Numerical.20coincidence.3A.20476.20~.20503), though [some hints of an explanation have emerged through analysis of linear models](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Twin.20pairs.20of.20equations).

This law implies that left multiplications are surjective.

The free magma with one generator `x` for this law is isomorphic to ℤ/2ℤ equipped with `x◇y = y+1`.  In other words, in any magma the law implies the [trivial left cubes law 8](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?8) `x = x◇(x◇x)`, the [involutive squares law 151](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?151) `x = (x◇x)◇(x◇x)`, and [law 359](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?359) `x◇x = (x◇x)◇x`.

This law cannot hold in a non-trivial group.

Commit message:

Commentary on the quasigroup case (#1310)
Many equations simplify or have interesting consequences when combined
with the bijectivity of left and right multiplication maps (the
quasigroup condition). This pull request lists all those that I found.

commentary/Equation1119.md, after:

## A mysterious "twinned" equation.

This equation is "twinned" with [Equation 124](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?124), in that it seems to imply, and be implied by, exactly the same set of equations, without being equivalent.  There is currently [no complete explanation for this phenomenon](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/Numerical.20coincidence.3A.20476.20~.20503), though [some hints of an explanation have emerged through analysis of linear models](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Twin.20pairs.20of.20equations).

This law implies that left multiplications are surjective.

The free magma with one generator `x` for this law is isomorphic to ℤ/2ℤ equipped with `x◇y = y+1`.  In other words, in any magma the law implies the [trivial left cubes law 8](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?8) `x = x◇(x◇x)`, the [involutive squares law 151](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?151) `x = (x◇x)◇(x◇x)`, and [law 359](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?359) `x◇x = (x◇x)◇x`.

In a quasigroup this law implies the [idempotence law 3](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3) `x = x◇x`.  It cannot hold in a non-trivial group.
