commentary/Equation1486.md, before:

## A variant of the central groupoid law

Another weaker version of the central groupoid law, [Equation 168](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?168).  As [discussed here](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/Equation.202126) for its dual, [equation 2126](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?2126), the equation is not confluent, but still has a complete rewriting system similar to equation 168, permitting one to determine all the implications from this law.

It has a [graph-theoretic interpretation](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Austin.20pairs/near/484345673).  It has [finite models](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Understanding.20Finite.201486.20Magmas) obtained by duplicating a few elements in a natural central groupoid, but also has some sporadic finite models of order 21.  Many finite implications of this law were falsified through large finite models, as well as via the twisting semigroup method.

This law implies that the squaring map `S: x ↦ x◇x` obeys `S(S(S(x))) = S(x)`.

The finite spectrum of (cardinalities of finite magmas satisfying) this law is [unknown](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Order.203.20Spectra/with/527073087).

Commit message:

Commentary on laws that become trivial in semigroups/quasigroups etc

commentary/Equation1486.md, after:

## A variant of the central groupoid law

Another weaker version of the central groupoid law, [Equation 168](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?168).  As [discussed here](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/458659-Equational/topic/Equation.202126) for its dual, [equation 2126](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?2126), the equation is not confluent, but still has a complete rewriting system similar to equation 168, permitting one to determine all the implications from this law.

It has a [graph-theoretic interpretation](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Austin.20pairs/near/484345673).  It has [finite models](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Understanding.20Finite.201486.20Magmas) obtained by duplicating a few elements in a natural central groupoid, but also has some sporadic finite models of order 21.  Many finite implications of this law were falsified through large finite models, as well as via the twisting semigroup method.

This law implies that the squaring map `S: x ↦ x◇x` obeys `S(S(S(x))) = S(x)`.  This law cannot hold in a non-trivial commutative or associative magma or quasigroup.

The finite spectrum of (cardinalities of finite magmas satisfying) this law is [unknown](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Order.203.20Spectra/with/527073087).
