commentary/Equation48.md, before:

This law implies that the magma operation is idempotent.

This law or its dual law 270 are part of all [longest chains of implications](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Longest.20implication.20chain/near/521750611) such as 2 → 4 → 1037 → 1237 → 103 → 824 → 9 → 418 → 48 → 412 → 3 → 3715 → 326 → 307 → 3253 → 1 between inequivalent laws of order up to 4.

It is the right 3-reductive law, which [plays a role](http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.8396) in the study of quandles.  The right m-reductive laws are [law 4](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4), [law 9](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?9), law 48, [law 412](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?412), and so on.

This law constrains each left multiplication independently to cube to a specific constant map.  On a set with n elements, the number of binary operations satisfying this law is the n-th power of [OEIS sequence A000949](https://oeis.org/A000949).

Commit message:

Commentary on laws that become trivial in semigroups/quasigroups etc

commentary/Equation48.md, after:

## The order-3 left-multiplication law

This law implies that the magma operation is idempotent.

This law or its dual law 270 are part of all [longest chains of implications](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Longest.20implication.20chain/near/521750611) such as 2 → 4 → 1037 → 1237 → 103 → 824 → 9 → 418 → 48 → 412 → 3 → 3715 → 326 → 307 → 3253 → 1 between inequivalent laws of order up to 4.

It is the right 3-reductive law, which [plays a role](http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.8396) in the study of quandles.  The right m-reductive laws are [law 4](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4), [law 9](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?9), law 48, [law 412](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?412), and so on.

This law cannot hold in a (non-trivial) commutative magma or quasigroup.  This law together with associativity is equivalent to the [left-projection law 4](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4).

This law constrains each left multiplication independently to cube to a specific constant map.  On a set with n elements, the number of binary operations satisfying this law is the n-th power of [OEIS sequence A000949](https://oeis.org/A000949).
