commentary/Equation481.md, before:

## A weak middle crossed inverse quasigroup law

For finite magmas, or for quasigroups, law 481, its dual [law 3161](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3161), and [law 1496](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1496) are equivalent.  Without such assumptions, law 1496 implies law 481 and 3161, but no other implication holds.

This law is a twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) `y◇(x◇y) = x` by the left cubing map `B(x) = x◇(x◇x)`.  In fact it is equivalent to stating that all squares are equal and that the middle crossed inverse property `y◇(x◇B(y))=x` holds for this function `B`.  (See the [commentary on law 4273](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4273) for this terminology.)  Contrarily to law 1496, this law does not imply that `B` is an automorphism.

This law implies that left multiplications are surjective, that the left cubing map `B` is injective, the right cubing map `C: x ↦ (x◇x)◇x` is surjective.

The finite spectrum of (cardinalities of finite magmas satisfying) this law is [conjectured to be `{1,2,4,5}∪[7,+∞)`](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Order.203.20Spectra/with/527073087).

Commit message:

Commentary on how laws behave in the case of quasigroups

commentary/Equation481.md, after:

## A weak middle crossed inverse quasigroup law

This law is a twist of the semi-symmetric quasigroup [law 14](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?14) `y◇(x◇y) = x` by the left cubing map `B(x) = x◇(x◇x)`.  In fact it is equivalent to stating that all squares are equal ([unipotence law 40](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?40)) and that the middle crossed inverse property `y◇(x◇B(y))=x` holds for this function `B`.  (See the [commentary on law 4273](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4273) for this terminology.)  Contrarily to law 1496, this law does not imply that `B` is an automorphism.

This law implies that left multiplications are surjective, that the left cubing map `B` is injective, the right cubing map `C: x ↦ (x◇x)◇x` is surjective.

For finite magmas, or for quasigroups, law 481, its dual [law 3161](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?3161), and [law 1496](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?1496) are equivalent.  Without such assumptions, law 1496 implies law 481 and 3161, but no other implication holds.

In a left quasigroup, this law holds if and only if the left division operation defined by `x ◇ (x : y) = y` satisfies [law 452](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?452), namely these laws are parastrophically equivalent.

The finite spectrum of (cardinalities of finite magmas satisfying) this law is [conjectured to be `{1,2,4,5}∪[7,+∞)`](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/458659-Equational/topic/Order.203.20Spectra/with/527073087).
