commentary/Equation543.md, before:

## Tarski's axiom: the abelian group subtraction law

Magmas satisfying this law are precisely abelian groups with the subtraction operation `x ◇ y = x - y`.  There are six equivalent laws of [minimal order](https://www.cs.unm.edu/~mccune/projects/gtsax/#Tarski-1938), each with three variables: law 543 identified by Tarski [1]; law 928 identified by [Sholander](https://doi.org/10.2307/2310005); law 952 identified by [Higman and Neumann](https://doi.org/10.5486/PMD.1952.2.3-4.10); and laws 1774, 1964, 2552, identified and shown to be the only remaining ones by [Padmanabhan](https://doi.org/10.1017/S144678870000570X).

Other laws from which one can define an abelian group structure on the magma include [law 895](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?895) for Boolean groups (abelian groups of exponent 2), [law 85914](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?85914) and [law 86082](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?86082) for modules over Eisenstein or Gaussian integers, and the [Sheffer stroke law 321577](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?321577).

1. A. Tarski. Ein Beitrag zur Axiomatik der Abelschen Gruppen. Fundamenta Mathematicae, 30:253--256, 1938.

Commit message:

Commentary on how laws behave in the case of quasigroups

commentary/Equation543.md, after:

## Tarski's axiom: the abelian group subtraction law

Magmas satisfying this law are precisely abelian groups with the subtraction operation `x ◇ y = x - y`.  There are six equivalent laws of [minimal order](https://www.cs.unm.edu/~mccune/projects/gtsax/#Tarski-1938), each with three variables: law 543 identified by Tarski [1]; law 928 identified by [Sholander](https://doi.org/10.2307/2310005); law 952 identified by [Higman and Neumann](https://doi.org/10.5486/PMD.1952.2.3-4.10); and laws 1774, 1964, 2552, identified and shown to be the only remaining ones by [Padmanabhan](https://doi.org/10.1017/S144678870000570X).

Other laws from which one can define an abelian group structure on the magma include [law 895](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?895) for Boolean groups (abelian groups of exponent 2), [law 85914](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?85914) and [law 86082](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?86082) for modules over Eisenstein or Gaussian integers, and the [Sheffer stroke law 321577](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?321577).  See also the [shift-associative law 4541](https://teorth.github.io/equational_theories/implications/?4541) in the context of quasigroups.

1. A. Tarski. Ein Beitrag zur Axiomatik der Abelschen Gruppen. Fundamenta Mathematicae, 30:253--256, 1938.
