equational_theories/Generated/All4x4Tables/README.md, before:

# All 4x4 tables

The Lean proofs here refute every false implication between two equations that
has a counterexample in one of the following kinds of structures:

* any `2x2`, `3x3` or `4x4` magma,
* any cancellative `5x5` magma,
* one of the 34 cancellative `7x7-9x9` magmas listed in `data/cancellative-manual.txt`.

The proofs are generated by the following tools:

1. The `2x2-4x4` magmas are brute-forced by a C program and pruned by Python scripts.
2. The `5x5` magmas are generated using Mace4 and pruned using some Haskell tools.

# 2x2-4x4 magmas (brute-forcing)

**1.** Compile the brute force script by issuing `gcc -O3 equations.c brute_force_4x4_tables.c` in `src/`.

**2.** Run it over all `2^32` possible 4x4 tables:

```
mkdir tables
python3 drive_c_parallel.py # adjust how many cores you have as necessary
```

**3.** Prune the output to reduce redundant equations:
```
python3 prune.py > data/covering_set.txt
```

**4.** Dump each NxN table:
```
python3 dump_tables.py 2 > ../data/refutations2x2.txt
python3 dump_tables.py 3 > ../data/refutations3x3.txt
python3 dump_tables.py 4 > ../data/refutations4x4.txt
```

**5.** Optionally: generate the lean files
```
python3 generate_lean.py
```

The script in step 5 reads `data/implications.json` to prune the required `Fact`s
in the theorems. As new implications become known this file can be updated using
```
lake exe extract_implications  --json --only-implications equational_theories > equational_theories/Generated/All4x4Tables/data/implications.json
```
and the script re-run to further reduce the size of the theorems.

The brute-forcing takes a couple hundred CPU hours.


# 5x5 cancellative magmas

Once the 4x4 and smaller magmas have been brute-forced and `refutationsNxN.txt`
generated, running the following bash scripts:
```
MACE4HOME=/path/to/mace4 ./generate_5x5_refutations.sh
python3 generate_lean.py
```

These scripts do the following:

**1.** Use Mace4 to generate a list of all 5x5 cancellative magmas up to isomorphism.

**2.** Take the `refutations.txt` obtained by enumerating 4x4 magmas, combines it with
the 5x5 cancellative magmas and a hand-curated list of larger cancellative magmas,
then uses the Haskell tools in `finite_magma_tools` to combine them into a shortlist
of finite magma refutations which optimally cover the same set of counterexamples
as all of these. These proofs are output into the `raw_lean_output/` directory.

**3.** Further prune the required `Fact`s using the known positive implications taken
from `implications.json`, and output the final set of Lean-checked proofs.

The Haskell tools require a working `cabal` installation, and the script needs
a compiled and working Prover9/Mace4 suite to generate the cancellative magmas.
Set the environmental variable `MACE4HOME` to point to the latter if not in your path.

# Statistics

Some information about the overlap between different magma sizes:

```
When going from ../data/refutations2x2.txt to ../data/refutations3x3.txt
The number of solved equtions goes from 12567055 to 13602457 for a delta of 1035402
And ../data/refutations3x3.txt has 9 / 299 already covered magmas

When going from ../data/refutations2x2.txt to ../data/refutations4x4.txt
The number of solved equtions goes from 12567055 to 13732566 for a delta of 1165511
And ../data/refutations4x4.txt has 7 / 515 already covered magmas

When going from ../data/refutations3x3.txt to ../data/refutations2x2.txt
The number of solved equtions goes from 13345053 to 13602457 for a delta of 257404
And ../data/refutations2x2.txt has 8 / 10 already covered magmas

When going from ../data/refutations3x3.txt to ../data/refutations4x4.txt
The number of solved equtions goes from 13345053 to 13760346 for a delta of 415293
And ../data/refutations4x4.txt has 100 / 515 already covered magmas

When going from ../data/refutations4x4.txt to ../data/refutations2x2.txt
The number of solved equtions goes from 13732566 to 13732566 for a delta of 0
And ../data/refutations2x2.txt has 10 / 10 already covered magmas

When going from ../data/refutations4x4.txt to ../data/refutations3x3.txt
The number of solved equtions goes from 13732566 to 13760346 for a delta of 27780
And ../data/refutations3x3.txt has 291 / 299 already covered magmas
```

Commit message:

All4x4Tables: Integrate straggler counterexamples (#324)
Expands the number of finite magmas in All4x4Tables by integrating a
couple of finite magmas which were previously used in counterexamples
elsewhere.

**Benefits:**

* For all these examples, each satisfied and refuted equation was
determined,
      which settled 236 previously unknown anti-implications.
* These examples were put through the proof planner, meaning that while
the
number of magmas serving as counterexamples increased greatly (from 543
to 740) the number of checks the
kernel has to perform remains about the same. The `generate_lean.py`
script can
also prune them using transitive closure whenever new implications are
proven.
    
**The newly added sources:**

* Magmas constructed by the Vampire theorem prover gathered from #276.
     * Two magmas constructed by the Z3 solver gathered from #308.
     * A 5x5 magma manually constructed by Pace Nielsen.

With the importation of the straggler examples, the current set of
Vampire disproofs become redundant, so these are removed. The commit
changes the VampireProven documentation with a bit of explanation about
how Vampire `Disproof*.lean` files will appear when Vampire disproofs
are generated. It also updates the blueprint with more sources of
counterexamples.

Unknowns at 21679.

equational_theories/Generated/All4x4Tables/README.md, after:

# All 4x4 tables

The Lean proofs here refute every false implication between two equations that
has a counterexample in one of the following kinds of structures:

* every `2x2`, `3x3` or `4x4` magma,
* every cancellative `5x5` magma,
* a motley crew of other `5x5-9x9` finite magmas listed in `data/*.txt`.

Automated tools used to find these counterexamples include:

1. The `2x2-4x4` magmas are brute-forced by a C program and pruned by Python scripts.
2. The `5x5` cancellative magmas are generated using Mace4 and pruned using some Haskell tools.
3. Some magmas constructed by the Z3 solver, gathered from #308.
4. A number of magmas constructed by the Vampire theorem prover, gathered from #276.

# 2x2-4x4 magmas (brute-forcing)

**1.** Compile the brute force script by issuing `gcc -O3 equations.c brute_force_4x4_tables.c` in `src/`.

**2.** Run it over all `2^32` possible 4x4 tables:

```
mkdir tables
python3 drive_c_parallel.py # adjust how many cores you have as necessary
```

**3.** Prune the output to reduce redundant equations:
```
python3 prune.py > data/covering_set.txt
```

**4.** Dump each NxN table:
```
python3 dump_tables.py 2 > ../data/refutations2x2.txt
python3 dump_tables.py 3 > ../data/refutations3x3.txt
python3 dump_tables.py 4 > ../data/refutations4x4.txt
```

**5.** Optionally: generate the lean files
```
python3 generate_lean.py
```

The script in step 5 reads `data/implications.json` to prune the required `Fact`s
in the theorems. As new implications become known this file can be updated using
```
lake exe extract_implications  --json --only-implications equational_theories > equational_theories/Generated/All4x4Tables/data/implications.json
```
and the script re-run to further reduce the size of the theorems.

The brute-forcing takes a couple hundred CPU hours.


# 5x5 and above

Once the 4x4 and smaller magmas have been brute-forced and `refutationsNxN.txt`
generated, run the following bash scripts:
```
MACE4HOME=/path/to/mace4 ./generate_combined_refutations.sh
python3 generate_lean.py
```

These scripts do the following:

**1.** Use Mace4 to generate a list of all 5x5 cancellative magmas up to isomorphism.

**2.** Take the `refutationsNxN.txt` files obtained by brute-forcing, combine it with
the 5x5 cancellative magmas and a hand-curated list of other magmas, then use the
Haskell tools in `finite_magma_tools` to combine them into a shortlist of finite
magma refutations which optimally cover the same set of counterexamples
as all of these. These proofs are output into the `raw_lean_output/` directory.

**3.** Further prune the required `Fact`s using the known positive implications taken
from `implications.json`, and output the final set of Lean-checked proofs.

The Haskell tools require a working `cabal` installation, and the script needs
a compiled and working Prover9/Mace4 suite to generate the cancellative magmas.
Set the environmental variable `MACE4HOME` to point to the latter if not in your path.

# Statistics

Some information about the overlap between different magma sizes:

```
When going from ../data/refutations2x2.txt to ../data/refutations3x3.txt
The number of solved equtions goes from 12567055 to 13602457 for a delta of 1035402
And ../data/refutations3x3.txt has 9 / 299 already covered magmas

When going from ../data/refutations2x2.txt to ../data/refutations4x4.txt
The number of solved equtions goes from 12567055 to 13732566 for a delta of 1165511
And ../data/refutations4x4.txt has 7 / 515 already covered magmas

When going from ../data/refutations3x3.txt to ../data/refutations2x2.txt
The number of solved equtions goes from 13345053 to 13602457 for a delta of 257404
And ../data/refutations2x2.txt has 8 / 10 already covered magmas

When going from ../data/refutations3x3.txt to ../data/refutations4x4.txt
The number of solved equtions goes from 13345053 to 13760346 for a delta of 415293
And ../data/refutations4x4.txt has 100 / 515 already covered magmas

When going from ../data/refutations4x4.txt to ../data/refutations2x2.txt
The number of solved equtions goes from 13732566 to 13732566 for a delta of 0
And ../data/refutations2x2.txt has 10 / 10 already covered magmas

When going from ../data/refutations4x4.txt to ../data/refutations3x3.txt
The number of solved equtions goes from 13732566 to 13760346 for a delta of 27780
And ../data/refutations3x3.txt has 291 / 299 already covered magmas
```
