equational_theories/Generated/EquationSearch/README.md, before:

This tool uses already proven implications to search from a given hypothesis by repeated substitutions from known implications. It uses a crude textual representation of equations, so it's limited in what it can accomplish, and it's implementation makes it much slower and less efficient than it could be. One advantage it has over my previous more naive brute-force methods, is that starting from a single hypothesis it can try to reach any (not-yet proven) goal, rather than working with a single goal at a time. Also, now that simple rewrites have discovered many simple implications, this tool can take 'larger' steps by leveraging known implications.

Findings:
- Oct 1 2024: Run1 + Run2 generated ~500k new (transitive) implications.

1) Get the current implications graph

```sh
lake build
lake exe extract_implications --json equational_theories.Generated equational_theories.Subgraph > main_implications.json
cat main_implications.json | ruby -rjson -e 'JSON.parse($stdin.read)["implications"].each { |s| puts s["lhs"][8,10] + "," + s["rhs"][8,10] }' | sort -u > main_implications.csv
ruby scripts/transitive_reduction.rb main_implications.csv | sort -u > main_implications.reduced.csv
ruby scripts/transitive_closure.rb main_implications.reduced.csv > main_implications.closure.csv
```

2) Run the search

Note that there are some configuration options at the top of search.rb.

```sh
ruby search.rb new_state.closure.csv REFUTATION_PAIRS.csv > theorems.lean
```

3) Extract the new theorems you need to include

```sh
cat theorems.lean | ruby -ne 'puts "#{$1},#{$2}" if $_ =~ /Equation(\d+)_implies_Equation(\d+)/' | sort -u > new_theorems.csv
cat main_implications.csv new_theorems.csv | sort -u > new_state.csv
ruby scripts/transitive_reduction.rb new_state.csv | sort -u > new_state.reduced.csv
ruby scripts/transitive_closure.rb new_state.csv > new_state.closure.csv
comm -13 main_implications.csv new_state.reduced.csv > new_theorems_to_include.csv
```

The following extracts them and resolves 'sorry's for hypotheses.

```sh
ruby print_specific_theorems.rb new_theorems_to_include.csv theorems.lean | grep -v "/-" > Theorems1.lean
ruby dont_be_sorry.rb Theorems1.lean main_implications.reduced.csv > Theorems2.lean
```

4) Fix-up failures

This tool should always compute a correct path of substutions; however, it doesn't fully account for two things that Lean may require: a missing explicit variable or a wrong index to `nth_rewrite`, e.g. `nth_rewrite 1 [eq158]` may need to be rewritten to `nth_rewrite 2 [eq158]` or `nth_rewrite 1 [eq158 x]` or even `nth_rewrite 3 [eq158 z x]`.

Commit message:

EquationSearch: Better search, better expression matching
In this change I introduce a meet-in-the-middle search to EquationSearch
that allows it to search from both hypotheses and goal that makes it more
efficient. I also correct an obvious oversight about how it matches
expression matching to allow it to match more often.

This change adds ~150k transitive implications.

equational_theories/Generated/EquationSearch/README.md, after:

This tool uses already proven implications to search from a given hypothesis by repeated substitutions from known implications. It uses a crude textual representation of equations, so it's limited in what forms of substitutions it can perform, and it's implementation makes it _much_ slower and less efficient than it could be. One advantage it has over my previous more naive brute-force methods, is that starting from a single hypothesis it can try to reach any (not-yet proven) goal, rather than working with a single goal at a time. Also, now that simple rewrites have discovered many simple implications, this tool can take 'larger' steps by leveraging known implications.

EquationSearch makes use of meet-in-the-middle graph search, where it searches outwards from all hypotheses in a given equivalence class/strongly connected component and from potential goals. Doing so reduces the search space, and the tool automatically adjusts search depth on the hypothesis-/goal- side depending on the number of hypotheses/goals and a configured branching factor.

Findings:
- Oct 1 2024: Run1 + Run2 generated ~500k new (transitive) implications.
- Oct 3 2024: Run3-7 generated ~150k new (transitive) implications.

1) Get the current implications graph

```sh
lake build
lake exe extract_implications --json equational_theories.Generated equational_theories.Subgraph > main_implications.json
cat main_implications.json | ruby -rjson -e 'JSON.parse($stdin.read)["implications"].each { |s| puts s["lhs"][8,10] + "," + s["rhs"][8,10] }' | sort -u > main_implications.csv
ruby scripts/transitive_reduction.rb main_implications.csv | sort -u > main_implications.reduced.csv
ruby scripts/transitive_closure.rb main_implications.reduced.csv > main_implications.closure.csv
```

2) Run the search

Note that there are some configuration options at the top of search.rb.

```sh
ruby equational_theories/Generated/EquationSearch/src/search.rb new_state.closure.csv REFUTATION_PAIRS.csv >> theorems.lean
```

3) Extract the new theorems you need to include

```sh
cat theorems.lean | ruby -ne 'puts "#{$1},#{$2}" if $_ =~ /Equation(\d+)_implies_Equation(\d+)/' | sort -u > new_theorems.csv
cat main_implications.csv new_theorems.csv | sort -u > new_state.csv
ruby scripts/transitive_reduction.rb new_state.csv | sort -u > new_state.reduced.csv
ruby scripts/transitive_closure.rb new_state.csv > new_state.closure.csv
comm -13 main_implications.csv new_state.reduced.csv > new_theorems_to_include.csv

ruby equational_theories/Generated/EquationSearch/src/print_specific_theorems.rb new_theorems_to_include.csv theorems.lean | grep -v "/-" > Theorems1.lean
```

4) Fix-up failures and clean-up proofs

EquationSearch should always compute a correct path of substitutions; however, it outputs `nth_rewrite`s that may be missing a required variable, or have the wrong index, e.g. `nth_rewrite 1 [eq158]` may need to be rewritten to `nth_rewrite 2 [eq158]` or `nth_rewrite 1 [eq158 x]` or even `nth_rewrite 3 [eq158 z x]`. The following script slowly goes through, trying to bruteforce any failures, and prints the successful theorems.

```sh
ruby equational_theories/Generated/EquationSearch/src/fixup_rewrites.rb Theorems1.lean > Theorems2.lean
```

The proofs include `sorry`s for known impliciations, the following script resolves them by graph search:

```sh
ruby equational_theories/Generated/EquationSearch/src/dont_be_sorry.rb Theorems2.lean main_implications.csv > Theorems3.lean
```

Some trivial clean-up.

```sh
cat Theorems3.lean | ruby -e 'puts $stdin.read.gsub("  symm\n  symm\n", "")' > Theorems4.lean
```
